Updates and elaboration on packaging and distribution. (#80)
MolSSI-Education/python-package-best-practices: _episodes/01-package-setup.md

We will be moving all of the functions we defined in the Jupyter notebook into python modules (`.py` files) like these.

> ### Before proceeding, make sure your `pip` and `setuptools` packages are up-to-date.
> 
> ~~~
> conda update pip setuptools
> ~~~
> {: .language-bash}
> or
> ~~~
> pip install --upgrade pip setuptools
> ~~~
> {: .language-bash}
{: .callout}

### Installing from local source.

You may be accustomed to `pip` automatically retrieving packages from the internet.

To develop this package, we will want to use what is called "development mode", or an "editable install",
so that we can try out our functions and package as we develop it.
We access development mode using the `-e` option to `pip`.

> #### Reviewing `setup.cfg`

Author: ```suggestion
#### Reviewing the generated config files
```

Return to the top directory (`molecool`).

> One of the files CookieCutter generated is a `setup.cfg` file.
> `setup.cfg` is the build script for [setuptools].

Author: ```suggestion
Two of the files CookieCutter generated are `pyproject.toml` and `setup.cfg`.
These are the configuration files for our packaging and testing tools.
```

> It tells setuptools about your package (such as the name and version) as well as which code files to include.

Author: ```suggestion
`pyproject.toml` tells [setuptools] about your package (such as the name and version) as well as which code files to include.
```

We'll be using this file in the next section.

> Note `pip` does not actually look at `setup.cfg` directly.
> When we tell `pip` to `install` our package, it will first have to "build"
> a *distribution*.
> For our project, `pip` will discover the `pyproject.toml` file, which describes
> the build system to use.
> We will discuss packaging more in a later section.
> 

Author: This is irrelevant if we are moving setuptools config to pyproject.toml
```suggestion
```
